


Against the above background, the objective of this study
was to quantify, using an explicit uncertainty framework, the
relative contributions of terrestrial sources of dust prone to
aeolian erosion to both fine- (< 63 µm) and coarse-grained
(63–500 µm) sediments in three categories of coastal sediment
deposits

In doing so, the study aimed to test
the applicability of geochemical tracers for source discrimination
and apportionment and thereby to report limitations and
uncertainties to the user community.

A. Sediment Fingerprinting
Sediment fingerprinting is a technique with increasing
adoption rates (Walling 2013; Collins et al. 2017; Owens
et al. 2016) which provides a basis for quantifying the contributions
of discrete sources to different types of target sediment
samples

In brief, sediment fingerprinting involves collecting target
sediment samples and comparing their measured tracer properties
with those of potential sediment sources. To date, a
diverse range of tracer properties has been used by sediment
fingerprinting studies including geochemistry (such as heavy
metals, trace or rare earth elements

1. Bracket test
2. Kruskal wallis test
All properties passing the range or bracket test were further
assessed using the Kruskal–Wallis H test. For the fine-grained
fraction, three tracers (Hf, Pb and W) of the 16 properties
passing the range test failed the Kruskal–Wallis H test at
p < 0.05(Table 3).Among the 39 properties passing the bracket
test for the coarse-grained fraction, seven properties (Ba,
Ce, Hf, Ho, Sr, Wand Yb) were not significantly different at
p = 0.05. In both cases, all properties with p = 0.05 were used
in the next step of statistical analysis for sediment source
discrimination

3. Discriminant function analysis

B. Monte Carlo Simulation Framework
Two principal data processing frameworks are widely
used to quantify the uncertainties associated with sediment
fingerprinting results. Many studies (e.g., Franks
and Rowan 2000; Collins et al. 2013a, b, 2014; Stone
et al. 2014; Liu et al. 2016b; Pulley and Collins 2018;
Habibi et al. 2019) have used a frequentist approach
incorporating a Monte Carlo framework for uncertainty
analysis. Alternatively, Bayesian approaches have also
been used to evaluate uncertainties associated with the
results generated by sediment fingerprinting (Nosrati
et al. 2018; Gholami et al. 2017b; Cooper et al. 2014,
2015; Abban et al. 2016; Cooper and Krueger 2017;
Habibi et al. 2019). Here, a critical factor influencing
the choice of data processing framework concerns
whether the source and sediment tracer data satisfy the
requirements of Bayesian methods, including exhibiting
normal distributions. In many instances, tracer data do
not satisfy this basic requirement (Collins et al. 2013a,
b, 2014).

We used a Monte Carlo simulation framework, proposed
by Collins et al. (2012), to determine the contributions
of the terrestrial sources to the target coastal
sediment sample sand the corresponding uncertainty
ranges for those contributions.


OUR OWN STEPs

get data set for difference cancer type and there gene expression.
check if the dataset of each cancer type is normal and carry out analysis of variance or kruskal wallis
use the datasets that passed the anova or kruskal wallis test
build model distrbution using monte carlo simulation
query model with gene name and expression level